hey guys welcome to this week's episode
of blunder explained in this episode I'm
going to be going over drivers and how
to use them so a driver is basically a
way to control a value on an object by
using another object as a variable to
that value so in this case we're going
to be using the Y location of this
object to rotate these wheels on the x
axis so we're gonna select the wheel and
press n to bring up the transform
options right click on the X rotation
and select add single driver now if you
select add drivers that'll add a driver
to all of those
now I'm gonna select add single driver
press n to close that and then I'm gonna
split to view and go to the graph editor
and then go to drivers select our driver
and press n alright so that'll bring up
the driver options here and we want to
select once you select the car as our
variable and I'm gonna change the type
to some values average values minimum
value of maximum value all of those will
do the same thing if we just have one
variable except for scripted expression
which will just let you type in a script
script or a small Python expression to
control the variable but basically what
we want to do is select average values
what I'm going to select and then select
the Y location and that should be good
so now if I select if I select the car
and press GUI as you can see the wheel
rotates along with the car which is
exactly what we wanted now um we can do
is actually copy this driver over to
this other wheel so go ahead and select
this wheel again press n right click on
where we added the driver and select
copy driver and I'm gonna select yeah
the wheel and same place paste driver
all right so now
if we select a car as you can see the
wheel both wheels rotate with the car so
those are drivers you can also do a lot
more than just location rotation and
scale here so if you want to change it
to single property there are a bunch of
more types that you can control your
object with and also there's distance
rational difference and those deal with
multiple variables I'm pretty sure or I
guess bones in this case so we're just
using transform channel this time but
those are drivers thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time